{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red198\green206\blue229;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red27\green30\blue68;\red26\green93\blue176;\red85\green96\blue204;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c81569\c84706\c91765;
\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c14118\c16471\c33725;\cssrgb\c11765\c45098\c74510;\cssrgb\c40784\c47059\c83922;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww40760\viewh19880\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Home Page\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Fastest And Most Affordable Websites\cb1 \

\f2\b \cb3 We Create Amazing Business Websites\cb1 \

\f0\b0 \cb3 Our vision is to help entrepreneurs with their digital solution needs to achieve realistic goals.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 \cb5 How we can help you\

\f0\b0 We have experience with Domain Registration, Security, Hosting, Website,\'a0 and the list goes on. In short we can plan out, organize, and implement several digital solutions.\
\

\f3\b Services:\

\f2 Domain, Hosting & E-mail\
Content Copywriting\

\f0\b0 We can build modern Shopify and WooCommerce powered websites to sell your products.\

\f2\b Content Copywriting\

\f0\b0 We can build modern Shopify and WooCommerce powered websites to sell your products.\

\f2\b Marketing\

\f0\b0 We can set up Email, SMS, and Social Media Marketing Campaigns to inform, nurture and engage your audiences.\

\f2\b Social Media\

\f0\b0 We can help you create your accounts, plan your content as well as map them to business goals and define audience segments.\

\f2\b Search Engine Optimization\

\f0\b0 We can build modern Shopify and WooCommerce powered websites to sell your products.\

\f2\b Multi-Media Services\
Podcasting\
Videography\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Portfolio\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 Check out our body of works! We build our websites using WordPress for Businesses in the Philadelphia, Delaware County, and Montgomery County Areas. Yoga, Event Organizers, Notary Public Services, Apothecary, Education, Computer Repair, Actors, Massage Therapists, we do it all.\
\

\f3\b CTA
\f0\b0 \

\f2\b Would you like to start a project with us?\

\f0\b0 We want to get to know you, your business needs, and schedule some time to review your objectives and achieve those goals.\'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Have an issue with your website or social media sites? We would be happy to help you with resolving it in a free troubleshooting session.\
\
About Us - Page\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 Welcome to Wilbert Bean III Consulting\
We are a creative web design, digital solutions, and social media organization serving Philadelphia, Delaware County, and Montgomery County areas.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Who Are We\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 We are a digital solutions company providing consulting, website development, website design, content development, marketing, advertisement, customer data and analytics services for local start-ups in the Philadelphia, Delaware County, and Montgomery County areas.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 Our Mission\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 Our vision is to help entrepreneurs with their digital solutions needs through planning, organizing, implementing solutions and setting realistic goals. Have an issue with your website or social media sites? We would be happy to help you with resolving it in a free troubleshooting session.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f0 \uc0\u8259 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What We Do
\f0 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Website Design\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Website Development\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Marketing\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Social Media\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
eCommerce Store\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Tech Support
\f1\fs84 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs24 \cf2 \
Our 6 Step Process\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 Get customer needs\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 Fill out our get started form.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 Collect additional details\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 We will follow-up via e-mail for additional details.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 Schedule introduction call\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 Let\'92s hop on a quick call to review your needs.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 Schedule Zoom Project Call\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 Meet the team and go over the solutions we have for you.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 Service Agreement\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 We can send over our service agreement and you can sign digitally.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 Review & Deliver\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 Be informed and in control at every phase of the project.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 Why Choose Us?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 Our team is dedicated to our customers hands down. We believe that team work is directly related to achieving goals at controllable scale.
\f2\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \
Quality Designs\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 We can do customer WordPress designs or utilize templates to help get you going.\
\
24x7 Live Support\
We have support via ticketing system and direct messenger. If the issue can\'92t be resolved we schedule troubleshooting sessions at your convenience.\
\
Result Oriented Projects\
We haven\'92t failed to deliver yet!
\fs32 \cf7 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb5 Services\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 We provide a wide range of Services\
We are a digital solutions company providing consulting, website development, website design, content development, marketing, advertisement, customer data and analytics services for local start-ups in the Philadelphia, Delaware County, and Montgomery County areas.\
\
How can we help you?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 We have experience with Domain Registration, Security, Hosting, WordPress,\'a0 HubSpot CRM, Canva, Google Analytics, Facebook Pixel, Google Tag Manager and the list goes on. In short we can plan out, organize, and implement several digital solutions.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 Our Services\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Design\

\f0\b0 We offer custom and templates for designing websites and content for social media advertisements and posts.\
\

\f2\b Development\

\f0\b0 We use WordPress as well as other website page builder tools to create websites. We will be offering Full Stack JavaScript, Java, and Swift development soon.\
\

\f2\b Marketing\

\f0\b0 We can set up Email, SMS, and Social Media Marketing Campaigns to inform, nurture and engage your audiences.\
\

\f2\b Social Media\

\f0\b0 We can help you create your accounts, plan your content as well as map them to business goals and define audience segments.\
\

\f2\b eCommerce\

\f0\b0 We can build modern Shopify and WooCommerce powered websites to sell your products.\
\

\f2\b Help & Support\

\f0\b0 We offer customer support for anyone and everyone. Reach out and let us know how we can help.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 Contact Us\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 Contact for Premium Business Services\
Our vision is to help entrepreneurs with their digital solutions needs through planning, organizing, implementing solutions and setting realistic goals. Have an issue with your website or social media sites? We would be happy to help you with resolving it in a free troubleshooting session.}